docs/sdks/deno/GETTING_STARTED.md, before:

## Getting Started

### Init your SDK
Initialize your SDK code with your project ID which can be found in your project settings page and your new API secret Key from project's API keys section.

```typescript
let client = new sdk.Client();

client
    .setEndpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') // Your API Endpoint
    .setProject('5df5acd0d48c2') // Your project ID
    .setKey('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') // Your secret API key
;

```

### Make your first request

Once your SDK object is set, create any of the Appwrite service objects and choose any request to send. Full documentation for any service method you would like to use can be found in your SDK documentation or in the API References section.

```typescript
let users = new sdk.Users(client);

let promise = users.create('email@example.com', 'password');

promise.then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
}, function (error) {
    console.log(error);
});
```

### Full Example
```typescript
import * as sdk from "https://deno.land/x/appwrite/mod.ts";

let client = new sdk.Client();
let users = new sdk.Users(client);

client
    .setEndpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') // Your API Endpoint
    .setProject('5df5acd0d48c2') // Your project ID
    .setKey('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') // Your secret API key
;

let promise = users.create('email@example.com', 'password');

promise.then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
}, function (error) {
    console.log(error);
});
```

### Error Handling
The Appwrite Deno SDK raises `AppwriteException` object with `message`, `code` and `response` properties. You can handle any errors by catching `AppwriteException` and present the `message` to the user or handle it yourself based on the provided error information. Below is an example.

```typescript
let users = new sdk.Users(client);

try {
    let res = await users.create('email@example.com', 'password');
} catch(e) {
    console.log(e.message);
}
```

### Learn more
You can use followng resources to learn more and get help
- 🚀 [Getting Started Tutorial](https://appwrite.io/docs/getting-started-for-server)
- 📜 [Appwrite Docs](https://appwrite.io/docs)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://appwrite.io/discord)
- 🚂 [Appwrite Deno Playground](https://github.com/appwrite/playground-for-deno)

Commit message:

self signed certs on readmes

docs/sdks/deno/GETTING_STARTED.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Init your SDK
Initialize your SDK code with your project ID which can be found in your project settings page and your new API secret Key from project's API keys section.

```typescript
let client = new sdk.Client();

client
    .setEndpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') // Your API Endpoint
    .setProject('5df5acd0d48c2') // Your project ID
    .setKey('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') // Your secret API key
    .setSelfSigned() // Use only on dev mode with a self-signed SSL cert
;

```

### Make your first request

Once your SDK object is set, create any of the Appwrite service objects and choose any request to send. Full documentation for any service method you would like to use can be found in your SDK documentation or in the API References section.

```typescript
let users = new sdk.Users(client);

let promise = users.create('email@example.com', 'password');

promise.then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
}, function (error) {
    console.log(error);
});
```

### Full Example
```typescript
import * as sdk from "https://deno.land/x/appwrite/mod.ts";

let client = new sdk.Client();
let users = new sdk.Users(client);

client
    .setEndpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') // Your API Endpoint
    .setProject('5df5acd0d48c2') // Your project ID
    .setKey('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') // Your secret API key
    .setSelfSigned() // Use only on dev mode with a self-signed SSL cert
;

let promise = users.create('email@example.com', 'password');

promise.then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
}, function (error) {
    console.log(error);
});
```

### Error Handling
The Appwrite Deno SDK raises `AppwriteException` object with `message`, `code` and `response` properties. You can handle any errors by catching `AppwriteException` and present the `message` to the user or handle it yourself based on the provided error information. Below is an example.

```typescript
let users = new sdk.Users(client);

try {
    let res = await users.create('email@example.com', 'password');
} catch(e) {
    console.log(e.message);
}
```

### Learn more
You can use followng resources to learn more and get help
- 🚀 [Getting Started Tutorial](https://appwrite.io/docs/getting-started-for-server)
- 📜 [Appwrite Docs](https://appwrite.io/docs)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://appwrite.io/discord)
- 🚂 [Appwrite Deno Playground](https://github.com/appwrite/playground-for-deno)
