docs/sdks/dart/GETTING_STARTED.md, before:

## Getting Started

### Initialize & Make API Request
Once you add the dependencies, its extremely easy to get started with the SDK; All you need to do is import the package in your code, set your Appwrite credentials, and start making API calls. Below is a simple example:

```dart
import 'package:dart_appwrite/dart_appwrite.dart';

void main() async {
  Client client = Client();
    .setEndpoint('http://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') // Make sure your endpoint is accessible
    .setProject('5ff3379a01d25') // Your project ID
    .setKey('cd868c7af8bdc893b4...93b7535db89')

  Users users = Users(client);

  try {
    final response = await users.create(email: ‘email@example.com’,password: ‘password’, name: ‘name’);
    print(response.data);
  } on AppwriteException catch(e) {
    print(e.message);
  }
}
```

### Error handling
The Appwrite Dart SDK raises `AppwriteException` object with `message`, `code` and `response` properties. You can handle any errors by catching `AppwriteException` and present the `message` to the user or handle it yourself based on the provided error information. Below is an example.

```dart
Users users = Users(client);

try {
  final response = await users.create(email: ‘email@example.com’,password: ‘password’, name: ‘name’);
  print(response.data);
} on AppwriteException catch(e) {
  //show message to user or do other operation based on error as required
  print(e.message);
}
```

### Learn more
You can use followng resources to learn more and get help
- 🚀 [Getting Started Tutorial](https://appwrite.io/docs/getting-started-for-server)
- 📜 [Appwrite Docs](https://appwrite.io/docs)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://appwrite.io/discord)
- 🚂 [Appwrite Dart Playground](https://github.com/appwrite/playground-for-dart)

Commit message:

self signed certs on readmes

docs/sdks/dart/GETTING_STARTED.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Initialize & Make API Request
Once you add the dependencies, its extremely easy to get started with the SDK; All you need to do is import the package in your code, set your Appwrite credentials, and start making API calls. Below is a simple example:

```dart
import 'package:dart_appwrite/dart_appwrite.dart';

void main() async {
  Client client = Client();
    .setEndpoint('http://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') // Make sure your endpoint is accessible
    .setProject('5ff3379a01d25') // Your project ID
    .setKey('cd868c7af8bdc893b4...93b7535db89')
    .setSelfSigned() // Use only on dev mode with a self-signed SSL cert

  Users users = Users(client);

  try {
    final response = await users.create(email: ‘email@example.com’,password: ‘password’, name: ‘name’);
    print(response.data);
  } on AppwriteException catch(e) {
    print(e.message);
  }
}
```

### Error handling
The Appwrite Dart SDK raises `AppwriteException` object with `message`, `code` and `response` properties. You can handle any errors by catching `AppwriteException` and present the `message` to the user or handle it yourself based on the provided error information. Below is an example.

```dart
Users users = Users(client);

try {
  final response = await users.create(email: ‘email@example.com’,password: ‘password’, name: ‘name’);
  print(response.data);
} on AppwriteException catch(e) {
  //show message to user or do other operation based on error as required
  print(e.message);
}
```

### Learn more
You can use followng resources to learn more and get help
- 🚀 [Getting Started Tutorial](https://appwrite.io/docs/getting-started-for-server)
- 📜 [Appwrite Docs](https://appwrite.io/docs)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://appwrite.io/discord)
- 🚂 [Appwrite Dart Playground](https://github.com/appwrite/playground-for-dart)
