docs/sdks/python/GETTING_STARTED.md, before:

## Getting Started

### Init your SDK
Initialize your SDK code with your project ID which can be found in your project settings page and your new API secret Key from project's API keys section.

```python
from appwrite.client import Client
from appwrite.services.users import Users

client = Client()

(client
  .set_endpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') # Your API Endpoint
  .set_project('5df5acd0d48c2') # Your project ID
  .set_key('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') # Your secret API key
)
```

### Make Your First Request
Once your SDK object is set, create any of the Appwrite service objects and choose any request to send. Full documentation for any service method you would like to use can be found in your SDK documentation or in the API References section.

```python
users = Users(client)

result = users.create('email@example.com', 'password')
```

### Full Example
```python
from appwrite.client import Client
from appwrite.services.users import Users

client = Client()

(client
  .set_endpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') # Your API Endpoint
  .set_project('5df5acd0d48c2') # Your project ID
  .set_key('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') # Your secret API key
)

users = Users(client)

result = users.create('email@example.com', 'password')
```

### Error Handling
The Appwrite Python SDK raises `AppwriteException` object with `message`, `code` and `response` properties. You can handle any errors by catching `AppwriteException` and present the `message` to the user or handle it yourself based on the provided error information. Below is an example.

```python
users = Users(client)
try:
  result = users.create('email@example.com', 'password')
except AppwriteException as e:
  print(e.message)
```

### Learn more
You can use followng resources to learn more and get help
- 🚀 [Getting Started Tutorial](https://appwrite.io/docs/getting-started-for-server)
- 📜 [Appwrite Docs](https://appwrite.io/docs)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://appwrite.io/discord)
- 🚂 [Appwrite Python Playground](https://github.com/appwrite/playground-for-python)

Commit message:

self signed certs on readmes

docs/sdks/python/GETTING_STARTED.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Init your SDK
Initialize your SDK code with your project ID which can be found in your project settings page and your new API secret Key from project's API keys section.

```python
from appwrite.client import Client
from appwrite.services.users import Users

client = Client()

(client
  .set_endpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') # Your API Endpoint
  .set_project('5df5acd0d48c2') # Your project ID
  .set_key('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') # Your secret API key
  .set_self_signed() # Use only on dev mode with a self-signed SSL cert
)
```

### Make Your First Request
Once your SDK object is set, create any of the Appwrite service objects and choose any request to send. Full documentation for any service method you would like to use can be found in your SDK documentation or in the API References section.

```python
users = Users(client)

result = users.create('email@example.com', 'password')
```

### Full Example
```python
from appwrite.client import Client
from appwrite.services.users import Users

client = Client()

(client
  .set_endpoint('https://[HOSTNAME_OR_IP]/v1') # Your API Endpoint
  .set_project('5df5acd0d48c2') # Your project ID
  .set_key('919c2d18fb5d4...a2ae413da83346ad2') # Your secret API key
  .set_self_signed() # Use only on dev mode with a self-signed SSL cert
)

users = Users(client)

result = users.create('email@example.com', 'password')
```

### Error Handling
The Appwrite Python SDK raises `AppwriteException` object with `message`, `code` and `response` properties. You can handle any errors by catching `AppwriteException` and present the `message` to the user or handle it yourself based on the provided error information. Below is an example.

```python
users = Users(client)
try:
  result = users.create('email@example.com', 'password')
except AppwriteException as e:
  print(e.message)
```

### Learn more
You can use followng resources to learn more and get help
- 🚀 [Getting Started Tutorial](https://appwrite.io/docs/getting-started-for-server)
- 📜 [Appwrite Docs](https://appwrite.io/docs)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://appwrite.io/discord)
- 🚂 [Appwrite Python Playground](https://github.com/appwrite/playground-for-python)
